Consul Upstream Load Balancing lab (#244)
hashicorp/katakoda: consul-upstream-load-balancing/step1.md

> You can check the environment using `docker ps`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before updating the load balancing policy, you can check that the environment has five Consul agents, two backend services, and that the load balancing policy is the default `round_robin`.  

First, use `docker ps`:
```

`docker ps --format "{{.ID}}: {{.Names}}  \t {{.Ports}}"`{{execute}}

Example output:

```
8c49801f602d: ingress-gw    0.0.0.0:8080->8080/tcp, 0.0.0.0:8888->8888/tcp, 10000/tcp
90e49a8e39e4: backend-clone 10000/tcp
0f4b951627c0: backend-main  10000/tcp
d54059138370: client        10000/tcp
76bd086a2de4: server        0.0.0.0:8500->8500/tcp, 0.0.0.0:8600->8600/udp, 10000/tcp
```

The output shows five running containers each one running a Consul agent.

This can be also verified using `consul members` on one of the containers

`docker exec server consul members`{{execute}}

```
Node        Address          Status  Type    Build     Protocol  DC   Segment
server-1    172.18.0.2:8301  alive   server  1.9.0dev  2         dc1  <all>
client-1    172.18.0.3:8301  alive   client  1.9.0dev  2         dc1  <default>
ingress-gw  172.18.0.6:8301  alive   client  1.9.0dev  2         dc1  <default>

> service-1   172.18.0.4:8301  alive   client  1.9.0dev  2         dc1  <default>

Author: I was trying to have a standard naming for docker containers that I could re-use in future scenarios, client in this case was both the name of the app/service but also showing how to get access to a service in the mesh using your machine.

> service-1   172.18.0.4:8301  alive   client  1.9.0dev  2         dc1  <default>

Reviewer 2: I see, sounds good.
